BUG: Fixes dataFrame to_string(header=False) (#49738)
pandas-dev/pandas: doc/source/whatsnew/v2.0.0.rst

- Improved error message in :func:`read_excel` by including the offending sheet name when an exception is raised while reading a file (:issue:`48706`)
- Bug when a pickling a subset PyArrow-backed data that would serialize the entire data instead of the subset (:issue:`42600`)
- Bug in :func:`read_csv` for a single-line csv with fewer columns than ``names`` raised :class:`.errors.ParserError` with ``engine="c"`` (:issue:`47566`)

> - Bug in :func:`adjoin` used for DataFrame.to_string(header=False) printed index.name on the same line as the first row of the data (:issue: ``49230``)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Bug in :func:`DataFrame.to_string` with ``header=False`` that printed the index name on the same line as the first row of the data (:issue:`49230`)
```

Author: Updated the release note.
